now the word the Lord came to me son of
now the word the Lord came to me son of man set your face toward the mountains
man set your face toward the mountains
man set your face toward the mountains of Israel and prophesy against them and
of Israel and prophesy against them and
of Israel and prophesy against them and say o mountains of Israel hear the word
say o mountains of Israel hear the word
say o mountains of Israel hear the word of the Lord God thus says the Lord God
of the Lord God thus says the Lord God
of the Lord God thus says the Lord God to the mountains to the hills to the
to the mountains to the hills to the
to the mountains to the hills to the ravines and to the valleys indeed I even
ravines and to the valleys indeed I even
ravines and to the valleys indeed I even I will bring a sword against you and I
I will bring a sword against you and I
I will bring a sword against you and I will destroy your high places then your
will destroy your high places then your
will destroy your high places then your altars shall be desolate your incense
altars shall be desolate your incense
altars shall be desolate your incense altars shall be broken and I will cast
altars shall be broken and I will cast
altars shall be broken and I will cast down your slain men before your idols
down your slain men before your idols
down your slain men before your idols and I will lay the corpses of the
and I will lay the corpses of the
and I will lay the corpses of the children of Israel before their idols
children of Israel before their idols
children of Israel before their idols and I will scatter your burns all around
and I will scatter your burns all around
and I will scatter your burns all around your altars in all your dwelling places
your altars in all your dwelling places
your altars in all your dwelling places the cities shall be laid waste and the
the cities shall be laid waste and the
the cities shall be laid waste and the high places shall be desolate so that
high places shall be desolate so that
high places shall be desolate so that your altars may be laid waste and made
your altars may be laid waste and made
your altars may be laid waste and made desolate your idols may be broken and
desolate your idols may be broken and
desolate your idols may be broken and made to cease your incense altars may be
made to cease your incense altars may be
made to cease your incense altars may be cut down and your works may be abolished
cut down and your works may be abolished
cut down and your works may be abolished the slain shall fall in your midst and
the slain shall fall in your midst and
the slain shall fall in your midst and you shall know that I am the Lord yet I
you shall know that I am the Lord yet I
you shall know that I am the Lord yet I will leave a remnant so that you may
will leave a remnant so that you may
will leave a remnant so that you may have some who escape the sword among the
have some who escape the sword among the
have some who escape the sword among the nations when you are scattered through
nations when you are scattered through
nations when you are scattered through the countries then those of you who
the countries then those of you who
the countries then those of you who escape will remember me among the
escape will remember me among the
escape will remember me among the nations where they are carried captive
nations where they are carried captive
nations where they are carried captive because I was crushed by their
because I was crushed by their
because I was crushed by their adulterous heart which has departed from
adulterous heart which has departed from
adulterous heart which has departed from me and by their eyes which play the
me and by their eyes which play the
me and by their eyes which play the harlot after their idols they will
harlot after their idols they will
harlot after their idols they will loathe themselves for the evils which
loathe themselves for the evils which
loathe themselves for the evils which they committed in all their abominations
they committed in all their abominations
they committed in all their abominations and they shall know that I am beloved I
and they shall know that I am beloved I
and they shall know that I am beloved I have not said in vain that I would bring
have not said in vain that I would bring
have not said in vain that I would bring this calamity upon pound your fists and
this calamity upon pound your fists and
this calamity upon pound your fists and stamp your feet and say alas for all the
stamp your feet and say alas for all the
stamp your feet and say alas for all the evil abominations of the house of Israel
evil abominations of the house of Israel
evil abominations of the house of Israel for they shall fall by the sword by
for they shall fall by the sword by
for they shall fall by the sword by famine and by pestilence he who is far
famine and by pestilence he who is far
famine and by pestilence he who is far off shall die by the pestilence he who
off shall die by the pestilence he who
off shall die by the pestilence he who is near shall fall by the salt and he
is near shall fall by the salt and he
is near shall fall by the salt and he who remains and is besieged shall die by
who remains and is besieged shall die by
who remains and is besieged shall die by the famine thus will I spend my fury
the famine thus will I spend my fury
the famine thus will I spend my fury upon men then you shall know that I am
upon men then you shall know that I am
upon men then you shall know that I am the Lord when their slain are among
the Lord when their slain are among
the Lord when their slain are among their idols all around their altars on
their idols all around their altars on
their idols all around their altars on every high hill on all the mountaintops
every high hill on all the mountaintops
every high hill on all the mountaintops under every green tree and under every
under every green tree and under every
under every green tree and under every thick oak wherever they offered sweet
thick oak wherever they offered sweet
thick oak wherever they offered sweet incense to all their idols so I will
incense to all their idols so I will
incense to all their idols so I will stretch out my hand against them and
stretch out my hand against them and
stretch out my hand against them and make the land desolate yes more desolate
make the land desolate yes more desolate
make the land desolate yes more desolate than the wilderness toward ooblar in all
than the wilderness toward ooblar in all
than the wilderness toward ooblar in all their dwelling places then they shall
their dwelling places then they shall
their dwelling places then they shall know that I
know that I
know that I the Lord
the Lord
the Lord you
you
you [Music]